welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
sleeping beauty
lucy is a promiscuous university student
who works in an office in the daytime
and at a restaurant in the evenings
she is occasionally a research subject
at a science laboratory
lucy is paying tuition and rent by doing
several jobs
she is caring for a sick relative
birdman
who is very attracted to her while she
does not return his sexual interest
lucy enjoys birdman's company and in his
presence is the only time she is shown
smiling or laughing
an old joke between the two is that
birdman frequently asked lucy to marry
him
lucy always says no due to lack of money
and birdman's bad health
lucy makes a decision to look for
another part-time job
in response to a classified ad for yet
another short-term job
lucy meets clara who runs a service that
combines lingerie modeling and catering
performed by young women at a black thai
dinner party for mostly male clients
clara assures her that the men are not
allowed to touch the women sexually
and lucy agrees to try it clara inspects
lucy's body and names her
sarah for the purpose of anonymity
at the dinner party lucy is the only
girl
dressed in white the other women wear
black lingerie that is much more
revealing than lucy's outfit
after one other session as a serving
girl lucy gets promoted
she receives a call from clara's
assistant for a different request
lucy is driven to a country mansion
where clara offers lucy a new role
wherein she will be voluntarily sedated
and sleep naked while male clients lie
beside her
they are permitted to caress and cuddle
her but vaginal penetration is not
allowed
after lucy falls asleep she lies
unconscious on the bed and
clara leads in her client after clara
reminds the man of the no penetration
rule
he strips and curls up beside lucy
after a few of these sessions lucy has
enough money to move into a larger
more expensive apartment where she lives
alone
she receives a call from birdman who has
overdosed on painkillers
she goes to his house and finds him
dying in his bed
sobbing she takes off her shirt and gets
in bed with him
but he dies in her arms at birdman's
funeral
lucy abruptly asks an old friend if he
will marry her
in an echo of birdman's old playful
banter
the friend however not understanding the
reference
takes her seriously and shocked refuses
her
citing a number of loosest personal
problems as his reasons
at her next assignment with clara lucy
asks if she can see what happens during
the sessions while she is asleep
clara refuses saying it will put her
clients at risk of blackmail
lucy decides to surreptitiously film her
next
encounter the client is once again the
first man
but this time he also drinks the tea
with a much larger dose of the sleeping
drug
the following morning clara comes in and
checks the man's pulse
showing no surprise when he cannot be
awakened
clara tries to wake lucy who has
overdosed as well
and is eventually able to revive her
using mouth-to-mouth resuscitation
lucy begins screaming when she sees the
dead man in bed next to her
the film ends with the scene captured by
the hidden camera
the dead old man and the sleeping girl
both lying peacefully together in bed
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]